Answers for Conceptual Questions in Antra SEP C# Assignment 3

1.
public - the type/member can be accessed by any other code using the current code 
assembly, meaning a single compilation of one or more .cs files, or another code
assembly referencing the current assembly

private - the type/member can be accessed only by code in the same class

protected - the type/member can be accessed only by code in the same class or in
a class that is derived from that class

internal - type/member can be accessed by code in the current assembly, but not
from other assemblies. Accessing code must be part of the same compilation containing
the internal type/member

protected internal - type/member can be accessed by any code in the assembly containing
the declarationn or from a derived class in a different assembly

private protected - type/member can be accessed by derived classes, but only if they
are declared in the same assembly

2. The static keyword when applied to a type member means the member belongs to the
type itself instead of any particular instance or object of the type. The const
keyword means it will be evaluated at compile time rather than during the course
of a program's exeuction and the member will never change. The readonly keyword
means the member will only be assigned as part of its declaration or inside of a
constructor in the same class. Within the declaration and constructor, reassignment
can happen multiple times.

3. A constructor initializes an instance or object of a particular class. Default
constructors will intialize a class based on default values or more sepcific
constructors taking in arguments can be used to initialize members of the class to
particular values or references.

4. The partial keyword splits the definition of a class, struct, interface, or
member across multiple source files. This is useful for when multiple developers
are working on a class at the same time or when source code is automatically
generated. Ccode can be added to the class without having to re-write the source
file.

5. A tuple is a generic class data structure that contains a sequence of elements
that may be of different types.

6. The record keyword is a reference type that can be used in lieu of classes or
structs. The record stores of a collection of data which then allows for value-based
equality, meaning two records are equal if they contain identical type definitions
as well identical values.

7. Overloading a method means writing multiple definitions of a method within a 
class. The definition used during execution will depend on the parameters used
to invoke the method. Overriding a method is used when deriving classes from an
abstract class. The abstract class will provide an abstract definition of the
method. The derived class will then override the abstract definition with a new
definition specific to that class.

8. A field is a member defined directly in a class, usualy private. Properties are
members that provide means for reading and writing these private fields.

9. You can make a method parameter optional by using a default value in the function
definition. When the method is called and the optional parameter is ommitted, the
method will use whatever default value is specified.

10. An interface is a contract. Any class or struct that implements the interface
must contain an implementation of all members defined in the interface. Abstract
classes are similar, but interfaces cannot contain fields/properties and methods
the way an abstract class can. Furthermore, a derived class must implement exactly
1 abstract class as it's "parent" but a class can implement multiple interfaces.

11. By default, members of an interface are abstract and public.

12. true
13. true
14. false
15. false
16. true
17. true
18. true
19. false
20. false
21. true
22. false
22. true
